added the linked to example into the input url page (#38701)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/html/element/input/url/index.md

As mentioned earlier, to make a URL entry required before the form can be submitted (you can't leave the field blank), you just need to include the [`required`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#required) attribute on the input.

### Pattern validation

If you need the entered URL to be restricted further than just "any string that looks like a URL," you can use the [`pattern`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#pattern) attribute to specify a {{Glossary("regular expression")}} the value must match for the value to be valid.

## Examples

### URL validation

> In this example we want to make sure that the URL is filled in using the [`required`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#required) attribute and that the URL is from a **Mozilla** site using the [`pattern`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#pattern) attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example we want to make sure that the URL is filled in using the [`required`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#required) attribute and that the URL is something on `https://developer.mozilla.org` using the [`pattern`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/input#pattern) attribute.
```

#### HTML

In the `url` input, we set `pattern` to `".*\.mozilla\..*"`. This regular expression requests a string that has any number of characters, followed by a dot, followed by "mozilla", followed by a dot, followed by any number of characters. Because the browser runs both the standard URL filter _and_ our custom pattern against the specified text, we wind up with a validation that says "make sure this is a valid URL, and also in a mozilla domain."

The [`title`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Global_attributes/title) attribute also describes the `pattern` for users with assistive technologies.

> ```html

Reviewer: Can you use the string ID for these blocks?

```suggestion
```html live-sample___url-validation
```

<form>
  <label for="myURL"
    >Enter a url from this site:
    <input
      id="myURL"
      name="myURL"
      type="url"
      required

>       pattern=".*\.mozilla\..*"

Reviewer: Should we bit a bit more conservative with this?

```suggestion
      pattern="https://developer\.mozilla\.org.*"
```

For instance, this passes the current pattern:

```
https://something.othersite.com/a.mozilla.co
```

      title="URL should be in a mozilla domain" />
    <span class="validity"></span>
  </label>
  <button>Submit</button>
</form>
```

#### CSS

The CSS gives visual clues to show the user if the content is {{cssxref(":valid")}} or {{cssxref(":invalid")}} by adding an appropriate {{cssxref("content")}} property and includes {{cssxref("content", "alternative text", "#alternative_text_string_counter")}} for users with assistive technologies.

> ```css

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```css live-sample___url-validation
```

input:focus:invalid {
  outline: 2px solid red;
}

input:focus:valid {
  outline: 2px solid green;
}

input + span {
  padding: 0 0.3rem;
}

input:invalid + span:after {
  content: "✖" / "Content is not valid";
  color: red;
}

input:valid + span:after {
  content: "✓" / "Content is valid";
  color: green;
}
```

#### Result

Copy this page's url and paste it in the input field and you will see a green outline and green tick. Enter any other URL that doesn't contain **mozilla** or an invalid URL and you will see a red outline and red cross.

> {{ EmbedLiveSample('url_validation', , 40) }}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{EmbedLiveSample("url-validation" , "40px", , , , , "allow-forms")}}
```

> There's not much else to say about `url` type inputs; check the [Pattern validation](#pattern_validation) and [Using URL inputs](#using_url_inputs) sections for numerous examples.

Reviewer: You can delete line 334 "You can also find our…"
